Minor language changes (#3342)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/test/walkthrough-creating-and-running-unit-tests-for-managed-code.md

### Continue the analysis

> But this isn't an ideal solution. Right now, we have no way to know which condition inside the method we're testing (`amount > m_balance` or `amount < 0`) led to the exception being thrown during the test. We just know `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` was thrown, we don't know what logic within the `Debit` caused that. It would be better if we could tell _which_ condition in ``BankAccount.Debit`` caused the exception to be thrown (`amount > m_balance` or `amount < 0`), so we can be confident that our method is sanity-checking its arguments correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method being tested can be improved further. With the current implementation, we have no way to know which condition (`amount > m_balance` or `amount < 0`) led to the exception being thrown during the test. We just know that an `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` was thrown somewhere in the method. It would be better if we could tell which condition in `BankAccount.Debit` caused the exception to be thrown (`amount > m_balance` or `amount < 0`) so we can be confident that our method is sanity-checking its arguments correctly.
```
